Add documentation for `group_by_use_nulls` setting (#46460)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/select/group-by.md

## GROUPING SETS modifier

This is the most general modifier.
This modifier allows manually specifying several aggregation key sets (grouping sets).
Aggregation is performed separately for each grouping set, and after that, all results are combined.
If a column is not presented in a grouping set, it's filled with a default value.

In other words, modifiers described above can be represented via `GROUPING SETS`.

> Despite the fact that queries with `ROLLUP`, `CUBE` and `GROUPING SETS` modifiers are syntactically equal, they may have different performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite the fact that queries with `ROLLUP`, `CUBE` and `GROUPING SETS` modifiers are syntactically equal, they may perform differently.
```
